Okay, Yo, this is i'm interviewing what's your name for name
How old are you, Bryce 23 okay what's your nationality?
A race. what you can say yourself, human human I mean and i'd be putting in on job applications hispanic.
Yeah other There, let's see how long you been living in Atlanta.
But I never really lived in atlanta well i've been living in Georgia.
My whole life, though. Okay, what part of Georgia Stone Mouth?
The kinders how you I was growing up in stone Mount well, it was tricky, it was good, so look good.
It's a little bad, you know what you used to do Oh, fine fun!
See, I had to like like make fun you know what i'm saying like go, Why, really, you know I sound like too much to do in the house.
You know what i'm saying. so we go outside maybe hoop type football.
So tell me that I we had a tennis bothers, and she would play baseball water, going fights with the bit with the you know, I don't know that kind of stuff, man just random like random fun shit climbing trees We used to
ride bikes. It was big on this. It was like niggas, and other neighborhoods would come to High Street, turn the races.
It was cool It's good I you know it's good and bad. Used to beat niggas ups and turns.
You know that happened down in time You can't find outside now she's outside of pain.
If they're not hoping they're not really you know they're not doing too much, was more adventurous right now.
Oh, yeah, it was a lot to get into, said, Why should we get into number?
This is Hello! Hello! So sensor that would be some shit with it. I'll have you to get whacked back here.
Prayer. Care is the story I got. You have a the plot always involve a female breath.
If you have repeated, you said what the plot of movies always involve a female, you know, somehow.
So white Man: Yeah, Have you noticed that? damn there all movies got happy in it?
No, that's not true. have you ever seen minutes to society It was sad.
Oh, darling, did you, Kang got marked surree that mart!
What about Jared Pinky? Move to a land? But our nigga was dead, and her other nigga was locked up.
She got a free life to start fresh in Atlanta.
She had the best chance of having everybody in there something yeah That's probably the reason everybody started moving to Atlanta.
That's the best place to go get out of trouble crazy came and found some motion.
We got a whole another kind of trouble for your wife, that tool down here.
Everybody got him right. their mother fuckin license places on shit.
I see everybody gone like they license place to some shit oh, yeah, that's definitely Georgia, for you.
Have you married to Shit? I went to Mississippi before by recently.
That was the most recent. It was for my cousin.
He got his soap. I was video typing that shit.
He was can't remember? Yeah, I was cameraman I was paid giggles.
I first pay like San an event it was the they love to say, fucking lotus.
They caught this Highlander the whole night I love this country's hill.
They had a big ass cake, everybody, everybody, everybody was drunk off beer got down.
They had this awkward as torque contest. Sorry, but torque.
It was weird as fuck it is a pregnant if you're smoking a cigarette in the work contest like it was fucking weird, but it was cool showed up.
Yeah, good instrument players in the sandy bound was lit.
So the reason you made it to what mississippi the last day of Mississippi was because of your your videoography skills, I'm sure sounds good.
I've been to a where else I went to indiana when I was like a kid, and I don't really remember that shit.
I don't know if they count Oh, man was it gary Indiana absolutely.
That's it. Once in a lifetime fucking type of thing.
Yeah, he hit my cousin in a face with a fucking snow.
Bob, not just glasses, i'll then make it when the house crying
how's it that I was mad as fuck right because you know we from Java Nigga. we don't see those.
No, Yeah, I got a bunch of fucking snow that's the first thing we want to do.
Yeah, look somebody up with a snowball third class. And you know, you might remember all this is yeah, you know, you get the like clay that shit be like together like a rut just blow up.
We used to have like dumb kind of fights. There was no snowball fight is the best we have right Let them go home, so they're really hurt, though it's like the ice.
Yeah, you get fucked up is, remember all of that good shit, man. We kind of.
We walk around neighborhood terrorizing mega's breath What What high school did you go to?
I went to 3 high schools. Okay, so this should be pretty interesting.
Like ninth grade gotcha I would all shit out out.
Now I wouldn't I would it would have been bad bro it would have been bad.
I was bad as foot man that's why you had to go to 3 different schools.
Yeah, I was bad as fuck, but it was like mischievous bad, not like, remember you being that bad man.
Yeah, I was mysterious. Got down. I had. well, really, what was happening.
I kept skipping this shit I used to I just after I was the school, so I like what I do was, you know I'm sitting around like who was on block schedule in the first block Maybe like console it's like
lunch is starting with you know what i'm saying in second block.
I love that fuck that by the time let's start and I said I could be coming back to school from fucking.
You know what i'm saying? so i'll tell you not saying test buses all through there, for how we come back to school one day I was last fucking.
I just stayed home for a long time. I finally came back up to school, and my mom was walking back up to the school.
I was out there trying to check me out and see my dumb, as walking up to the school.
Is the rat. Maybe this is. this is just like school started Augustine Ubi into October.
I was going to private school. This was all the time times baddest.
But can I work out my niece? Was that very director out there?
Yeah blood, and instantly. So you know, when I get out there, you know everybody trying to fuss me.
Yeah, but my Cousin went out there too. you know what i'm saying so cooler move i'm just trying to chill out at that point.
Pies lie down. I must be bad as fuck it's early in the school year, but they didn't take too long for me to start getting shit out there.
I found out these niggas that have cameras in the school.
All these bitches loved me when I first walked in, for, like, you know, send it.
Take my like, I guess, like placement tests, or whatever like they had going on.
Maybe take a test. So when I took that shit passed the fuck out of today's looking at my record size, he's bad as hell.
He's been bad since like sixth grade you know what i'm saying, and it's just looking at that shit like it's not like filing shit is not like you know saying too much disrespect where you
know what I'm saying. just a beating and see this is my only like i'm not going to class.
Yeah, if you Suck with me I can't been there with our bars on me library, because when I went to tired everybody clapping, because I'm clapping a tube like a dumb as you know I say I don't know
Why, these fellas clubs he's like Why, didn't clever for you?
What just being that nigger real Do I sort of go right I don't understand it, either.
Breast it, I guess. got No, sir, You know it's an instant when I get their breath.
I'm trying to fuck all the cheerleaders you know.
I kind of guess that's what got me into all the shit because I went never in class.
My whole thought was you know i'm saying like don't got cameras ain't gonna no but every time I did some shit.
They knew every fucking time. I did something they knew and I got in trouble for dumb shit like uniform violation like we might. We might have chapel, You know what i'm saying We're supposed to wear a
Blazer, with a certain tie the white certain black pants and black shoes.
I'll come in that bit with the regular uniform all the time, and that shit might not even be right like I might not even have a right counter for that. shit like it should be a black shirt like i'm trying i'm
here, but you know what i'm saying but then I see how they was acting.
I was like Man fuck I just stopped going to class and said, that's put my eyes says every day every fucking day not coming to class when he was published.
I was upset. That was the main thing. I was just.
I just I was like asshole too you know like Rogers. I was too well. I was too smart for my own good.
You know what i'm saying the grades was good my grace was fucked up until I the last 2 weeks of class like I would just go in, but I would be good. You know what i'm saying I would be surviving
because I pass on my test when I I show up and pass the test.
If I had a fuck did. you do this you ain't been here all week, you know what i'm saying, but other than that real.
I was passing on my testing shit brussels like they can really say too much.
You know what i'm saying like I knew the shit and i'm saying like I did if I was and then I do some work.
This is a little bit enough ain't taking no notes we'll probably go back to a public school.
Yeah, I would happy that oh, move I don't I didn't need a Brun, and I learned I didn't want to.
But this is weird, are you? This is fucking weird airs.
Bag with that act. What's your taste bro like Okay, I give you a prime example, a real prime example broadly my first fucking day at high school.
Right. Listen. I walked in, and I said I had art first class.
I like, man. I kind of like this shit already. you know that's right on my alien shit big ass art room.
I could tell like the school, just kind of like big on art i'm like cool, you know it's enough and get in to go in on these football, so you know.
Say I go in there, and I these bitches wanted me to sit by them.
There's like some upperclassmen that today's like Jim music. So shit is my sophomore year. But at this point, you know, i'm saying like due to the shit that I was in trouble for at
my private school, and I that suspended me. like on somebody indefinitely said it was like they didn't tell me how long I was just spending it, so don't come back to school till we start to shit out I thought hey?
Cool. You know what i'm saying. Yeah, my mom like she knew they was gonna end up like spelling me.
So she just withdrew me from the school I just wasn't in school from life.
November to like fucking february, you know, saying like I missed the whole like I just wasn't in school.
I was a decrypted like that, was the worship, or what, yeah was this?
This was my freshman year. I went to 2 schools my first mute, and they're like the start of sophomore year.
I got, and like some other shit. Okay, you know, I did some other shit, you know. Sick?
I doubt you got to after I left There you know what i'm saying, That's when we moved out here with she transferred me out here.
I see him Romeo City Bush list that on the east side of like 2 weeks, and then we finally moved out here.
But at this point was that school which I asked, and it was just me and my dust.
So do Yeah. after that go i'll get out of art class you know what I'm saying.
I'm leave finish you know walk into my next class, and it's like a big ass promotion, so you know, I said, did my my second goal at the private school shit, you know what I was at this is a big
ask emotion in a crowd, somebody getting the ass beat right.
So I walk over there like cool the city and make it spots.
Yeah, i'm saying, Go over to see fight you know and I'm.
Pushing everybody out of the way to get to the front, you know, saying, I see shit!
These niggas was dashed by the name Bro.
I swear to God, Bro. I said, Man, these niggas is weirdest, but not gonna be late, but he needs niggas trying to dance battle life fuck out the way.
It was weird. but that's a great thing I know that's something great here.
Yeah like, you say I saw these privileges there's no they don't want to say i'm going to class.
So I do. I just seen what it was then brad just I don't know It's something it's some cool people.
I heard and it's a lot this is no sir, the difference is like on the East Side brain might be a foot nigger, and you just know he's a bitch as negative like I just don't fuck with him you know what i'm
saying, and the niggle you might look and think he's a cool Mega from just in.
But you just know you know. you can't tell bro and I sort of guy you can't tell that all of these things is just like, and they play like bridge is hard to see it very hard to put into perspective for how these
niggers. You gotta live on they're gonna be on the west side of the Yes, I do.
Cut. Can you tell long totally what we're not gonna nurse it.
It varies because, you know, you know i'm saying my it depends brush.
I need to be intimidated. you can't walk around an intimidated life.
You're fucking sore thumb I need Sabbath, you know.
I'll walk around like that right my my business you know. Stand by their friends just a bitch. you're gonna know you a bit, so you'll be treated like a bitch, you know. Santa.
We just be kicking shit don't like understand if you don't know how to sandy is gonna try and roast your ass. Maybe once or twice you got to be able to come back with the shit you know it's outside you know other than that brother do the smoke gay and good children
but kick the shit, man, so you say. see!
What can I get? Was other than your art artwork, your entrepreneurship occupation wise?
Where has he worked? at shit? We gas jobs? That was pain.
Good mind. Yeah. see, it got down my first, my first first job right?
I started like legit from the bottom line my first job worked at a It's like a pleasant custodian like service, usually clean like chilies, and like the Harvard cafe and shit like but this shit was
like the worst breath like Tj. on Fridays, is the nastiest fucking place on the planet.
Do not endorse in tgi friday i'm not bra, or any other.
None of that Shit but It's. all gross breath. If our gross I cleaned all the worst suits you could ever clean breath, you mean, Ms.
But bathrooms are nastier than niggas bathrooms.
Oh, i'd be everywhere! the everywhere breath as any woman you know but it's fucking ridiculous, it's fucking ridiculous.
Oh, you had that job for a week. yeah br I wasn't cut out to be a janitor.
No one may but that's it. so she after that see after they fire me from that shit.
God. Then i'll start working next horse part of here in Congress. I was like in the cessation stance, so the chicken tenders and shit starting with white bitches and get tips in the tip jar son of
late high shit like We need clock out for brakes but they didn't pay me shit, so it wasn't that cool it's like 7 25.
It was, and plus the weakest tips that I had to flirt the guy to pump my sub to get tips, and that it wasn't that sweet.
So after that the coolest boss you could ever have.
But the new tool is a bit slides then fuck with him like you know. Say, I just didn't fuck with him.
So at the while outside man he's trying to work the fuck out of us, for, like 7 25 like i'm out of here.
But I got hired at this warehouse of discreet ill.
Phoenix. Dave was trying to slave me like a motherfucker, Brad.
It really was. It was cool, but it was I God damn you know what i'm saying. so to me Eventually you know they changed job sites. They moved that shit to Tennessee.
So I just started like chap, and the art you know saying to me while no, it's just had a job in a view today.
So what is some of the different characteristics of your artifact dimensions of man's really is basically it's basically, you know, i'm saying the pad varies, you know i'm saying is real my own personal
art. My own personal expression is normally outstretched.
Normally, you know saying flowy it's normally layered you know, Sam, because that's kind of like the influence of the music that I listened to that's kind of just how and as a person you know i'm
so it's like the saga piece in my imagination of sort.
You know what i'm saying like the way I view certain scenes of what the way I interpret music.
You know, i'm saying no way I interpret experiences you know what I'm saying like so it always varies, but I always kind of based around, you know i'm saying a flow of you know what i'm saying freedom you
know some kind of energetic type of shit is real like trippy type of thing.
You know what i'm saying it's like like even with the meanings. they'd be in the color interesting.
I love you know what i'm saying like it's always like everything is done to purpose.
You know what i'm saying. so about So when you make your heart common computer through a software pro 2.
Yeah, I do that. I make it like I can draw paint you know what I'm saying so.
So I even I didn't even like I tried molding before it. That shit is like sculpting. Yeah, that's it.
It's tricky but it's fine yeah i'm chad to laugh.
I used to like make bones and shit don't know me.
I just sorry I try not to like. Look at it like I just do Art.
You know what i'm saying? Try and create shit whatever I can create the Creator than the artist did news.
Yeah get some pieces for So how would you say relationship with your family is to my neck the this year from immediate family distant family, most of them.
Yeah, i'm my cousin I focus all my cousins, how many yet too many account there's a lot of them make a smarter like the man was like, Oh, my mom's size.
Like. see? I don't know breath it's a lot because now niggas is having kids where I can't even count no more breath. I just fuck what I love you know what i'm saying like I could sit out
here and realize names. But that's crazy that I actually know so yeah, I know a lot of my brother's lucky that shit is crazy.
How many brothers you have I got 2 brothers and you would be to consider your middle child.
No, i'm the youngest and I said it best for last hear that devil.
So who did they gonna become a millionaire between the 3 first?
Well, psychologists say that the youngest sibling is more likely to become a millionaire.
That's what it is psychologists say yeah that's a no failure.
Building it up, such as words for makes sense, though yeah Serena is very Venus.
We're out with Deanis sh I thought I asked me to because I really feel like I don't know, brother said that i'm doing.
I was standing down on it so long i've been doing this graphic design.
Sit down in my whole life you, know what i'm saying like even back to when we had the old fatass computer with the booty on the back of it, with the loud ass keys, the big ass mouse with the with the cow shit for
the little pad. Yeah, you definitely turn into a bed in this thing.
I have to turn to a legend. Yeah, the next up Swallow Jeff for ways to go about it.
That's why I fucked with it so much not limited to nothing.
You know what i'm saying, So music wise who you dig you random ray, random array, random rate area.
And who else see? I don't know man I like too much music to just like?
I know everything any particular genre. You write more of the most I smooth jazz.
I like like all these. You know these modalities.
I like Michael Jackson. I got to say that for separate emails, fellow Mike, like some trap shit, you know. I think that shit is always saturated to an extent like I don't know I like kind of
soul food right like like critics. and I like on some mic like a crowd.
Charcoal question should like type of shit when I say so for me.
I thought you heard something I live on. Yeah, you like it.
The niggas was fast, but, like they production was, It was like old school music.
It was late you know what i'm saying there's a lot of sounds in that shit.
You get some different from you that's kind of how I do my art.
You know what i'm saying, i'm not gonna get the same thing every time I look at it.
Give you a different feeling you're gonna you know they sit grow with you. You know what i'm saying, so you could tell with you when there.
If you want the way you project the numbers a 1,000,000 again.
What $1,000,000 see? I was thinking like I feel like from my ultimate like I'm done.
I can tell out. Yes, I was thinking 25 nice shit.
I retired 25 min of my art at the crip that I see here and there.
Yeah gonna travel the chin wouldn't have found be a favor.
Yeah of keeps, and continuing talking, told me about some of your favorite artists.
Tell me where you grow up let's see with some let's type of food.
Do you like to eat? fucking to get shit?
I ought to guess it. Yeah. are you vegetarian?
Nope is definitely some of the I don't really like part you know what I'm saying like my big one part, but they can be calling me.
I'm not going to see her and lie to you thanks not really.
I eat that shit. am I gonna lie that's not something i'm going for. take for late chicken.
Yeah, I love chicken chicken, and like turkey sandwiches and sobs and shit.
So fucking light seafood. Moki, I like Salis, hey?
Cook. Oh, yeah, see, I cook hash it where you'd be like damn you, made this life like my like.
I give me some for my cousins like sometimes you know saying they're like kidding at me, but more artistic abilities in I mean river dell for like fucking week 2 weeks at a time.
You know, saying like we'll be in there while I go hot box what'll leave out of there and
It'll be like one of Martin and he gets being hungry.
I go in there now. I like shit cool off in the cook club, maybe like what you gonna cook breasts like fuck 2, and learn I had like these tortillas right, and we had some ham and some like shredded
cheese, so honey, mustard, barbecue sauce, and got made the fuck.
We had some spinach nigger lie up but i'll kind of sit on a I murdered it put the put the cheese on the tortilla while I was like with the butter.
I did. Br. I went in Bro. I brought that shit up.
They was looking like damn bread you'll make me one, because going to sell you up got to transfer to creativity where you got you know what i'm saying as part of that creators shit how's that
life. This is smooth. I got a low one on the white.
Gotta look, girl, on the way should be there couple weeks got a name already secure. it's a clear succor, hey?
At first I was like last name was yeah shit hard to our got.
She got $2,000,000, you understand, like I got down. Her name is.
I like me. first born daughter is African for first born and daughter Shakur.
No, send these instantly. think 2 part, but is, is for it?
It means to thank for famous this man in charge. I know, Nick snooping.
Yeah. was actually my burstone. let's see unusual Yeah.
Help yourself to some more peace. Yeah, it's been 37 min.
Continue once an hour almost you can wrap it up little bit more from there.
Appreciates of participation as well. Few documents for you.
The summers. Yeah, man, what should be watching movie team? You are Tv and movies shit.
I like stranger things that shit was good as fuck.
Why not see the 2? and you get up on that shit?
But I flush with I first will walking dead I folks with power movies. I don't know.
I just like the movie. as soon as i'd be good no really matter.
Power is definitely one of my favorite celebrities. do you even know when they're supposed to be brain.
They bet I don't know they've been doing advertising.
I think she should be coming back soon. I can look it up right now.
Be the Missouri use of Rodwood Empire.
I never started. I don't really focus on that show no this kind of story, I mean all this kind of nut strategies.
Second way. One last time you seen you watch wrestling, and I was like 12 love that we go there.
We go. Say, I had to be in probably maybe 13 for 2.
Oh, no, man, I might be stretching him with rubber Yeah, There's something over there, I think, like a little squirrel or something.
Just cool a long time by night. What about cartels?
So I saw watching cartoon like she's great food very. The story was that those were of cartoons seems to be evil new.
I fought with the regular show. Okay, that's a valid point.
Thank God it's not to me i'm wrong with regular.
So they do me have a life teaching lessons and it'd be a lot of a whole lot of fuck.
You don't search Sanders life I saw yourselves brick I'm.
Just Mr. Pickles. yeah, they kind of pushing them with that, Mr.
Pickle's time. it's too, much shit too much. Sit out there, and the similar, you know, something like on their way very hard to fight with it.
I don't watch the dust room like that what about family guy, hey?
You're right with the family. I fuck with it but I don't watch it like you know what i'm saying if it says me too like i'm not gonna just turn the family guys my attorneys you know
i'm gonna be library. what the fuck is did you know I was hand that ain't my choice i'm turning sports in there, or something like, or Bob Ross by Ross Bob Ross is that Nigger man paint
where he's a in talking about broad from back in the day.
Yeah. But you need to check this nigger out. Focus Peru.
Look at this shit. Just look at this shit. You can watch it.
Yeah, I you have a choice matter. You go to participate.
It may pause it on your way. commercial. This is something else right here.
That means. So notice you have some Michael Jordan apparel sneakers.
What kind of shoes are those twelve's retro 12 red show close, I great bloody murder I don't really the fuck with Jordan.
No more man. How many jays you got like 3. The ones you got arresting was 2 pair of wires.
Matter of fact, I had 3,002 per one and he's 12.
Oh, my! she wasn't crazy I thought it was the ones I got the metallic bluest look back in the day.
I got the black ones with the red like check and I got the black and grayless.
It's all about the right colorways. farm. Okay, What about against on just clothing or any 4.
No, I make my own clothes. thank you all cool. I design my own shirts just by pants.
Your heart is jackets. Oh, Ok. yeah bitches like James like Jackie, you don't have to run you about put it $300.
No just got a look cool i'm gonna just get down that's true.
You're just getting down as you walked in the store loud kind of give me that.
Moved out right there. 180 bucks, 80 bucks a day is getting some wan breaking news right on line off a couple of friends with download.